# Meetings

### Daily Scrum: 9:30am

## Daily Scrum Meeting 30 March 2021 16:30

Scrum meeting to discuss what we've learnt in terms of databases and Travis CI

Faisal Saleem
- I think we should use firebase, big companies have been moving towards noSQL databases so I think we should migrate towards what th industries are using plus I want to learn some new things.

**Everyone agrees**

Faisal Saleem
- I'm not familiar with workflows but I think that is a method of continuous integration, but not sure so I think we should research.

Langiwe Mwale
- There's a lot of things we need to keep track of so I think we should open up a Trello Board.

Aharon Cohen
- Did we discuss in the last meeting what exactly we were going to use so we could get started.

Ioanni Balassis
- No we just said that we were gonna decide on those based off what the client said he wanted to implement first.

Ghulame Mutjaba
- I added a trello bot to discord (previously discussed that we would use Trello over Taiga since Taiga is not free.

Sipho Sikakane
- I did look at Travis CI and it seems like it's also a good way to manage continuous integration.

Ioanni Balassis
- We also wanted to discuss what is a good time to have all future meetings.


**We discussed a future time to be around 16:30 on Tuesdays and left future meetings to tomorrows meetings**

## Daily Scrum Meeting 31 March 2021 14:00

- Discussed when would be a suitable time for everyone to hold Daily Scrum meetings.
- Sipho: Possibility of using Google Calendar for linked reminders for daily meetings
- Faisal: Not sure between TravisCI and CircleCI, everyone doing research

**We all have an initial idea of how our project will be structured. The tools used will be:**
- Github Workflow (with Kanban-type implementation)
- Some basic form of automation (once base of project is set up)
- TravisCI/CircleCI
- Coveralls

## Meeting with Mr Jiahao Huo 1 April 2021 14:00

**Mr Jiahao Huo Answering our Questions**
- Web app intially and then transition to a mobile app later on
- No examples that we can compare it to but as long as the user has good experience
- Label Images preferably for now and then later on can add videos and Text etc.
- Predefined options on what labellers want and option for other (Preferable)
- Sign up, Login and Registration and front Page, navigation to jobs (create and view jobs), Shell of what can come in future
- Mainly about Frontend functionality
- Not necessary to separate the accounts from each other, interchangably
- Free most of the week for meeting so just message for meeting
- Thinking about rewards, people can get credits and based on the task there can be a total funding
- Task needs to be finished for rewards can be accepted
- All labelling is done on the platform, show pictures and choice areas, clients must set the predefined labels
- Quality Assurance needs to be a factor (Rating System potentially), Reputation = More Rewards
- Preprocessing by trialing people before they start the job
- Assign Maximum payments on the job descriptions, check that the job has to be done before payments are given
- People with a better reputation get a small extra multiplier for credits

## Daily Scrum Meeting 2 April 2021 9:00

**Tristan couldn't make it due to Wifi being down**

### Discussion
- Concerns on templating and whether or not its going to be the way forward or not
- Talks about React and whether or not it will let us design a nice front-end
- Jono found some nice looking UI for React so seems to be viable
- Backend (Faisal, Sipho, Ghulame, Tristan) is learning on how to connect Travis CI to coveralls to the repo as well as linking firebase and Next.js
- Jono gonna try get the frontend UI by Sunday

## Daily Scrum Meeting 5th April 2021 9:30
- Faisal checked backend open source software alternatives to Firebase. Brought up issues of cloud functions that firebases utilizes. Going to try implement travisci and coveralls
- Sipho looked into implementing travisCI into projects. Are we going to set up project build on github pages ? Faisal said yes 
- Tristan said we going to do everything as our separate groups and only split after once everyone is comfortable with the work
- Langiwe looked into react and using with bootstrap and bulma frameworks. Will look into designing UIs with react
- Faisal and sipho said you can design good UIs with React 
- Ioanni mentioned SASS being a framework to look into
- group had a discussion about commiting to a framework
- sipho mentioned looking into marketplace designs
- Possibility of doing both meetings with jiahao and tarshen at the same time
- Jono will push his progress his made with react
- Sipho and faisal will look into travis 
